General Information:

	"cairo in motion" came to life because I wanted to learn about cairo in the
first place. Furhtermore I wanted to give it a handy/simple UI so people
(including me) can toy around with some of cairo's attributes and settings
without messing around in the code, recompile it, test it out and so on. For
this I also sticked my nose a bit into libglademm/gtkmm.

	There are three main areas in "cairo in motion". On the top-left you can
change certain attributes which are taken into account by the cairo-sample
displayed in the drawing-area on the right. Not every attribute is used by some
examples though. On the bottom-left you have a list-view with all cairo-samples
compiled into "cairo in motion". I regarded making them run-time loadable as a
bit of an overkill for such a simple testbed. The same goes for the attributes.
They aren't dynamic. One could make these two things fully dynamic of course.
Maybe I'll do that some day when I'm too bored. You can trigger the display of
one of the cairo-samples by either double-clicking with the LMB on its entry in
the list view or highlight the entry with the cursor-keys and hit RETURN to
start it. Finally there's the drawing-area on the right side. If you see
"handles" (small red spots with a black outline) in the drawing-area, you can
drag these around with the mouse (LMB-drag). Your dragging with the mouse
overrides any animation that may take place. The rest (menubar) is
selfexplanatory (I hope :)

About The Code:

	main.cpp isn't that intersting and also not very elegant I admit. The main
interest is in the cairo-*.cpp/h files. I grabbed a good bit of code from the
"cairo snippets" found at:

	http://cairographics.org/samples/snippets.html

	In addition to that I altered some of those examples in order to have them
behave in an interactive manner and also added snippets of my own.

Library Requirements:

	cairo 1.1.1 (grabbed as HEAD from cairographics.org-CVS)
	libsvg 0.1.4 (grabbed as HEAD from cairographics.org-CVS)
	libsvg-cairo 0.1.6 (grabbed as HEAD from cairographics.org-CVS)
	gtk+ 2.8.8
	gtkmm 2.8.0
	cairomm 0.1.0
	libglade 2.5.1
	libglademm 2.6.1

Other Stuff I Used:

	g++ 4.0.0
	Eclipse 3.1 (with CDT 3.0)
	Fedora Core 4

If you have any questions, don't hesitate to drop me a line via eMail. And
please fix my BUGS ;-)

Share and enjoy!

Best regards...

MacSlow
